Urgent things to fix before next beta release!!!

  On Load or Search/Add Item to Template - be certain to ignore
  Equipped and Location and rename them to their current Location,
  flag Equipped based on the old item's Equipped flag.

  Remember username/password in Spellcraft.xml

  Change class to Mauler (and convert the three mauler names to the
  general Mauler class on open template/item).

  Options does not open with the first options page - ugly.

  Item pane must learn time, Remove time from gems.  Track the total
  time in the char info... when an item's time is changed, bump 
  it up or down, but preserve the user's time such as when they 
  spend 20 min helping the customer figure out the template before 
  crafting.


Things to fix before next beta release is announced;

  Add the <SCMaterials> entries to the SCData report format.

  When opening Search Items, populate the slot with the currently
  selected tab (let them pick Any Slot of course).  Default the 
  realm to the current Realm.  Default the class to the currently
  selected class.

  When choosing Add Item to Template, make sure it lands in an
  appropriate slot(!)  If it's the correct slot move on. If not,
  perhaps prompt ring/wrist with Left Right buttons, for LH usable
  weapons prompt right hand/left hand/2 handed?  For RH usable
  weapons prompt right hand/2 handed. For 2 handed drop into 2h
  and For shields drop in left hand.

  Utility Value should be Utility<br />Value, we can hide the # 
  {or fold it into row 2 as #) Itemname}, and Add to Template
  link can be added to the Itemname<br />Add to Template.  This
  would reclaim a bit of space and lay out the table a bit cleaner.

  It would be really cool to display Ethinarg's table of database
  item counts on startup.

  Allow users to choose the Realm (or 'All') for items, drop and crafted.
  (Crafted items all have a specific realm, even on Gaheris/Mordred, while
  drop items can be 'All/Any'.)  Look at Eithargs' xml for other fields
  we should edit, such as class restrictions.

  Prettify the display of stats with caps for the screen, with
  a stat/maxstat flavor option.

  Allow users to choose to include class-specific bonuses for resists
  (mostly, applies to heavy tanks).

  Test our UI XML results (can we avoid double-xslt transformations?)
  
  Add 'materials' to SCTemplate XML report, perhaps per-item and 
  per-template?  Or per-gem, then sum them?

  Allow Drop Effect slots to have any value (such as a 5.1 DS effect
  or 64/5 DoT effect), not just pure integers.

  Add lookup of Drop tincture effects (from epic dungeons) for crafted gear.
  According to various searchs of alakazahm and the the autobestiary,
  Prissy's lists were complete.

  Add 1.85 tincture effects for crafted gear.  Means we have to tear
  apart the tables because the levels don't 'just line up'.  We have
  lv 43 and 45 netherium and lv 47 and 49 arcanium procs depending 
  on the name of the proc and the drop ablative lv 48 has the same
  effect name as the crafted (different amounts).

  Fill in the Requirement field with the proc level requirement.

Things to fix before 2.0 final (non-beta) is announced;

  Add 1.85-1.87 crafted slot lookups (by realm/style/piece).

  Add Mythrian bonuses - especially over-cap logic!

  Show Bonuses of % as #% finally?

  Let slots share an Item list, e.g. both Left Ring and Right Ring
  keep track of the same unused Rings.  "Move to" sort of provides this,
  but not very elegantly.

  A guildy suggested that the user could fix all of the body armor
  pieces or all the weapons which are crafted, based on popping up
  the itemlevel window only once (cool!!!)  Something similar for item 
  quality?  Or a Copy drop menu to fill one other slot, all armor,
  all (four) weapons, or all gems (for quick-lv 51)?

  Fill in Bonus based on itemlevel dialog, when known from material level.  

  Calculate Piece Ablative as an average based on chance-to-hit-body-part.

  List Reactive Effects ordered by %chance to hit body part?

  Fix WindowsXP skin view of Group boxes (which we override universally
  because of the Classic appearance stupidity).

  Can we make the 'editing' flavor of the dropdown controls line up
  with their look when they are in drop-pick only mode on Mac?  They
  seem off by -3,-1 (x,y) pixels and offsized -4,-1 or so.  Or just
  blame trolltech?  How about the corresponding pure-edit controls so
  they line up, too?

